---
published: true
title: 5 application of technology in this summer to help you change your life
layout: post
---
True Wireless charging, best quality TV, faster data transfer ... ...\r Different from those tall and talking about technology, the following 5 products to be introduced is already available and can be applied, this summer there is more ground-breaking invention come into your life.Best quality in the world of screen graphicsOrganic light emitting diode (OLED) displays the image is the human eye can feel the best quality image, but in physics and chemical level, difficult to arrange these images on a screen larger than 55 inches. LG solution to this problem, however, now 77-inch screen G6 is the best you can buy. OLED images compared with normal LCD not bright and bright, it is through the use of black and other color highlights and bright. If you don\'t want the entire wall is on the TV screen, also want to enjoy the technology cheaper, LG has also prepared a performance as brilliant as the small OLED screens.Completely wireless chargingAustin International\'s new power and the size of watermelons. When your phone and power within a distance of a few yards, when Austin power will perceive your phone will start charging. Compared to traditional charging line, it may be slower, but you can from across the desk and living room, watching the phone power continued to grow. You may ask questions, Austin how to guarantee its security. Power supply through continuous signals, connected to the phone\'s wireless receiver, will only be available when a phone when charging, power can be used to send to your phone in a few cm of the receiver. This company also produces the same function, 5th battery, which means that you never need to replace the smoke detector or battery of television.AR to make your car more convenientMost automakers would rather you drove to dealers, rather than your hands, at its own expense will no longer be under warranty so we tend to give up open your iPhone and see for yourself. But modern AR (augmented reality) application, you can open your hood of the Santana 2105, your cell phone camera engine, APP will be in cleaning fluid, coolant, strip, fuse, air filter and battery are identified. Click the part you want to repair or remove, animations will guide you to jump start the car or change air filter settings. In the driver\'s position to open the APP, through an interactive guide you can learn all the lights on the dashboard, it also can tell you how to adjust the seat or use a Bluetooth device, this is the owner\'s manual should have a look. [How to prepare a table with these range of science](http://www.jigcase.com/2016/02/12/how-to-prepare-a-table-with-these-range-of-science-and-technology-dinner/) [How to prepare a table with these range of science](http://www.jigcase.com/2016/02/12/how-to-prepare-a-table-with-these-range-of-science-and-technology-dinner/)Home VRThanks to Samsung Gear VR,Google Cardboard and the upcoming (but very expensive) Oculus Rift, ordinary people have the watch immersive video tool. So far, however, optional video have great limitations. This year, Nikon and GoPro camera body brand new 360 degrees is very small, affordable, and easy to operate as a normal camera. Bring helmet, press the record key, at the end of the day, you\'ll have a video of a passionate adventure. If you want to share with friends without VR equipment, you can upload videos to YouTube 360. Video plays correctly and that your friend can change any angle to see it.Faster data linesIn front of the good when it comes to the wireless future, USB Type-C will allow cable charging and data transfer speeds are fast enough, enough to get you your phone is fully charged before boarding. More needles in the connector means more current, also will show battery percentage rising rapidly. In addition, the cables are symmetric, so that data can be sent in either direction or charging. You can use the same line bi-directional transmission from phone to PC or PC to phone. Best of all plugs are reversible, traditional USB interface there is no way that two upside down. Determine whether you have a USB 3.1 device, the device name \"Type-C\" means that the device is a new plug, and means that you can experience only 3.1 the speed mentioned above.This summer, mobile phone technology Wireless charging app screen TV power