---
published: true
title: VAGARY Mexico Carnival limited edition watches
layout: post
---
Means \"happiness, leisure, surprise\" VAGARY of fashion watches, recently launched by Mexico Carnival theme limited edition watch.Means \"happiness, leisure, surprise\" VAGARY of fashion watches, recent Enlightenment with the Visual design of Tokyo partners jointly launched the \"Mexican Carnival\" (Mexico Carnival) topic limited edition watch. Limited edition of only ten in mainland China only! In January 2008, in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Chengdu synchronized login, and share with you a 2008 first joys and surprises.VAGARY Mexico Carnival limited edition watches\"Mexico Carnival\" limited edition watch our VAGARY customary style, much more bold in concept and design. Its design inspired by \"Mexico Carnival\", which is Mexico\'s traditional festival. The Festival, young or old, are wearing masks, wear printed with bones of ghosts on clothes, posing in the streets, people are encouraged to celebrate the completion of the life cycle in various ways, reflecting Mexico national culture and philosophy.\"Skull\" is Mexico Carnival during most with representative and expressive of image, this paragraph VAGARY limited version wrist table will this a logo sex of skull Totem, carefully into to wrist table of design in the, enthusiasm of Red dial foil with white of skull Totem, \"24 hours indicates\" and \"Stopwatch timing\" of displayed is blend has locomotive instrument disc of elements, and dial Shang of skull Totem perfect match. Design of upper reaches of the hands on the dial, as you walk into the ancient civilization of the time. Watch case with rounded outlines, seemingly unvarnished casual way lined with soft lines, design adds a touch of smart. Distinctive VAGARY watch joy black, red color, inspire enthusiasm. Black calfskin leather strap superior texture, red trim line jumps spread along the black strap, black strap on several carefully crafted circular hollow, is distributed symmetrically on both sides of the dial, case also was hit on the back of skull Totem branded VAGARY of dynamism and temperament to play revealed. This limited edition watch box is also specifically designed black square table box deep eyes, skull Totem and noble Crown gift inspiration into the many \"Mexico link\" elements of gold pattern, bold design and VAGARY playing the spirit.VAGARY \"Mexico Carnival\" limited edition watch will become a unique fashion code, that all their hyperbole \"skull\" jump patterns and bright colors are described with the mystery and joy, showing the philosophy of life. VAGARY, into the \"Mexican Carnival\" celebration! [Swatch bright classic watches continue fashion](http://transformerscase.blogspot.com/2016/10/swatch-bright-classic-watches-continue.html).svbxs dl{margin:12px;min-height:336px}Mexico Carnival watch design limited limited limited edition a watch skeleton dial [Swatch bright classic watches continue fashion](http://transformerscase.blogspot.com/2016/10/swatch-bright-classic-watches-continue.html)