---
published: true
title: Gc-3 diving series color custom Oakland Lin Piya spirit and technology fashion
layout: post
---
First Gc watches water resistant to 300 meters (30ATM) series, combines design and bold watch Switzerland manufacturing of high precision and accuracy. Black PVD coated case and dial dials, bright pointer scale embellishment, interpretation of the latest fashion trends. 擁 has this special quality color enhanced version is I\'m Gc-3 diving series pay tribute to the spirit of the global campaign for Oakland Lin Piya, also wise Gc watches luxury of embodiment of the sense of dynamic movement. [Limited Edition watch rare works collection](https://kenzo2016.wordpress.com/2016/10/07/limited-edition-watch-rare-works-collection/)Gc-3 diving series color custom has a rugged appearance, can withstand water under high pressure, very good interpretation of the concept of water resistant to 300 meters. This series of tables full of all kinds of different sports lure, blue, yellow, white, green, red with five different color depth sounder, number and Zhi Zhen, the five colors and the colors of the five Olympic rings off each other, better expresses the Gc watches pay tribute to the members for the Olympic athletes! Better interpretation this is a high-end sports technology and fashion combined with the dynamic table. [Limited Edition watch rare works collection](https://kenzo2016.wordpress.com/2016/10/07/limited-edition-watch-rare-works-collection/)Gc watches the first waterproof watchFollow the good examples of Switzerland descent, Gc-3 diving series color custom likewise has substantial case 44 mm in diameter, equipped with Sapphire scratch the mirror table mirror and single rotating bezel. SuperLuminova ® patented coating da Zhi Zhen and large digital display, night, intimate date the 3 o\'clock position appears, all this technology embodies the wearer land and land in every possible way under the wise care. And Gc wrist table of other series as, this paragraph also also has another some brand traits: spin into type table Crown and embedded table back, high-end of material and also first-class of technology without Linse of show in details of at; waterproof material of pressure lines strap while both has movement performance and fashion temptation, coupled with strap Shang two article obviously of bright car line, can be described as is in details process Shang up to has finishing touch of a pen.A strong and powerful watch, designed specifically for men who love sports to build, taking into account the stylish appearance and performance, this is the Gc watches! The perfect expression of technology and fashion.Fashion wrist watch dive series color customization technology waterproof watch