---
published: true
title: Secret fashion ring 8 lie when you said long slim legs are lying?
layout: post
---
This slim ... Tomorrow the longer legs ... People will not keep good street photography model person okay?! Why always like to summarize what fashion mix iron law, fashion words, but are weak ... Just by coincidence, huaxian and nothing else, just a loyal down!1. vertical stripes slim?Over the years, our impressions of the stripe is more slimming vertical stripes, horizontal stripes are more fat ... However, the real situation but it\'s a bit subversive, or not depends on sincerity of the flower fairy p!Flower fairy PS colors on Kardashian white dress part widths exactly the same, only the direction of different stripes, results can be a bit unexpected ...Yes, we always thought that the slimming vertical stripes are fat ... Between stripes like scales, slim chance.Of course, the self but also a few oblique stripes, shaped similar to the bias-cut fashion effect, it\'s not too cool!2.oversized slim cover meat?Said oversized cover meat and thin, loose clothing the entire people will immediately become slim. However, please take a look at this comparison chart please? Stop acting like a baby\'s lying to you ...When everything is oversized, were the last into the plus size women\'s clothing ... How do you keep the meat? How to slim? Didn\'t want to hurt you!Wearing oversized essence lies must be loose enough, have room for tumbling clothes. Slim girl wearing natural by nature particularly slim, covering meat, how much meat is there need to be covered?However, there are always innocent babies, baggy oversized items, meat offered to hide away. Dream effect is very skinny, worn finish was still plump ...3. high waist long leg?High waist long leg it, flower fairy has been discussed before, trousers length long, it feels will be drawn down results. [Socialite Nicky Hilton brought Marien bag appeared](http://www.faybag.com/2016/03/18/socialite-nicky-hilton-brought-marien-bag-appeared-in-the-new-york-flagship/)However, the high waist to chest, calf length not embarrassing in there? So, wear clothing with long legs which have so easily ...High waist shorts, short skirts, and high-waist skinny jeans a problem can not cover the knee, waist high is also white.Of course, the baby will find drugs, wear high waist long skirt, long skirt is not good? The knee was not at home, waist line is King.4. fine pencil pants legs?Pencil pants really don\'t know how many girls make bigoted, a variety of Korean stars are also big fans of skinny jeans, so it\'s really like the legendary leg down to the magic? See the comparison chart below, huaxian shut up ...Yes, skinny jeans are fine leg, but only for skinny people, Yes! Tight pants will no doubt build imperfections are more obvious, really fine leg was good enough. [Socialite Nicky Hilton brought Marien bag appeared](http://www.faybag.com/2016/03/18/socialite-nicky-hilton-brought-marien-bag-appeared-in-the-new-york-flagship/)We may see more variety of Korea love bean Street, Zhou Xiu outside of fashion supermodel and a deification pencil pants in your head, thinking that they wear are so beautiful.However, the fact is that small thick legs wearing only small thick legs, is nothing more than a line more, small dewlap nowhere to hide thick legs ...5. Black slim? White fat?Two classic color for black and white, our \"bias\" but really deep enough ... \"black slim, white fat\" almost even the grandmother generation hang talking theory in your mouth! As compared to speaking, same Kardashian tight dress, which color do you look fat?In fact, the same large body, black instead makes Kardashian look heavy, white seem slightly lighter eh!Meanwhile, Black\'s emphasis on outline let fat girl crashes, complete image of a pair of big and heavy is you!By contrast, the white dress on the body is less stressed \"the border\", looks fresh and many. Slim girl wearing a light bright, plump girl is not so much pressure.6. high heels legs thinMany people say high heels legs are thin, you can adjust the proportions, nude heels are so many girls as its long legs artifact. However, do you think got on the heels can have a pair of long legs like a supermodel? Hin Hin innocent!High heels to a certain extent can indeed have some effect of elongated legs, a reduction in high heels will make the leg muscles are more prominent ... If the bar is your calf muscles, massive muscles taut, scary eh ...Instead, the shoes can keep your calf muscles in a relatively relaxed state. Like Park Shin Hye, Xin Wu shank rather stout girl, wearing high heels may instead make the legs look more cable ties (Fei) real (Zhuang).Of course, not all high heels are so high is a safer choice. Heels won\'t make your calf muscles and can be slightly elongated lines, leg or no barriers! Shut out fine with a bit of \"aunt\" sister, you can choose small chunky heels, Oh! Hin said popular -7. really handbags worth the investment?Well, luxury prices, classic handbags bought investment can also make some money. But, really, just a little ... Also, most of us buy a bag should be in order to use it? Really nervous for the bag? Who will still be free of pain water heart handbags sold for money?We do not deny that some people like to collect bags, but can love handbags so most of the people will not be willing to sell changed hands so hard to buy things made the difference ... What about those who say handbags worth investing in people, it can hardly understand the woman! Good song at hand, we would love to buy a bag, but is by no means a tacky and schmaltzy investment theory.8. big name all your in the right place?Not long ago, Ma said \"made in China\" fakes of better quality than the real ones, \"set off a heated debate. Flower fairy do not want to support or criticize this view, but this can cause such a strong reaction, how many might point out what ... Being a fashion editor, by routinely shooting can we take a sample of the many brands, from shoes to handbags clothing accessories. Big Halo, it has some of the styles are very common, material price of peace there is not much difference between products, clothes line down almost exactly like that. To put it bluntly, really isn\'t worth the price ...However, the flower fairy also has to be admitted that these big, really has a lot of fascinating items, from the material, designed to process, even to the brand culture, all tell you: its value. So, big goods you can buy, but don\'t follow it!Finally, the flower fairy just wanted to say ... Conclusion, but at least go snacks, OK? ...Thin stripe handbag with long legs in high heels legs small legs high waist skinny jeans