---
published: true
title: 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition
layout: post
---
Fall/winter UHOT lure you 2015 \"rows.\" concept of culture exhibition in China (Shenzhen) international brand clothing Fair kicked off. UHOT adhere to the diversified development, explore the ordinary life of utopia. UHOT consumer good at life and familiar surroundings to find happiness and joy of inspiration, discover a variety of aesthetic feeling of art, self has ambitious but not unrealistic pursuit of adventure doesn\'t fear challenges consumers and health. Is committed to providing consumers to build their own utopia in mind, shaping the image of the statue of freedom from self.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1596/24378705203_dd73df9911.jpg)![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1525/24637916309_886e52e113_z.jpg)This exhibition with \".\" as the theme, dynamic walking for life inspired the origin, changes of new fashion, travel to new experiences for consumers. [Are] taken from the concept of homonyms with no limits, use the [] clear description UHOT contemporary sense and the modern sense, more dynamic self-image of the variability in the living environment, and the variability of life forms. [Now] also permeated [is not limited to a] concept, style is eternal, but UHOT hope to consumers on a limited life experience and to try more varied life, enriching our lives left untouched charm.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1443/24378723043_863312cfe6_z.jpg)Adhering to the UHOT brand the seasons changing, freedom, respect for self, highlight the personality of genes, and vitality of urban clutter inspired ornament. Palette brings together elegance, personality and wit, as well as classic colors, fabulous decorating visual experience.Mature classic intensive red merlot wine, posting red, France Navy opened up [your] chapter of luxurious elegance. Classic black and white as the core of the cold tone, with the gold and rich green for the embellishment of the classical color, perfect presents \"the hegemony of the rulers.\" Overall shape through the contrast of different thickness materials and layers, combined with moderate volume of routine or special occasions, wonderful contemporary independent female silhouette. Men\'s detail as a characteristic of the elegant gentleman, light fabrics, two button suit as a crowning touch, with no pinch retro luxury Totem just convey information of younger rulers.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1464/24637934399_8bef9a242d_b.jpg)[Ya] topics to pursue full of interesting art, through natural earth coffee-colored, smoky blue-green, gray with rose and Misty Ballet red interpretation of a Jiao AO-level powder, opened the traditional art of modernist style. Pure black and white, go with excessive grey, yellow the embellishment of the theme as a whole. Bare-shoulder tie fold a skirt of lace highlight women bursting classical concepts of the Princess. Plaid blue suit shows male gentleman yuppie. With shining colors compliment each other each other, creating a retro flavor.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1503/24378740023_e461a2f0b9_b.jpg)Hard and aesthetics to enhance [the] theme of elegant rebellion. Personality blend with pride, keep clothing with basic integrity, excessive attention to detail, to create a modern sense of modern. Hard leather textured coat or silk layered vest matching soft thin material create a symbol of female power. Men\'s level of details in the form of mosaic and matching, and portrays a sense of male arrogance. Shale ash and black is the core of the topic, with the bright blue with gray tones, white and Crimson-and-gold embellishment, bring out the characteristics of personality.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1533/24374975614_b9dcf57e03_b.jpg)Captured in the city streets and dilapidated area of the city of inspiration [fashion] theme, luxury sports costume with graffiti font and consumer culture in the background, express virtual Street-style. Vibrant Orange, rich conifer green, high profile gold core, Navy Blue and black combination or overlay, evolved into another map of the city, rebel death totemic as ready to flee. Camouflage suits-80 racing prints, geometric modeling, as well as improved classic motorcycle jacket, was a declaration of the city.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1490/24374984794_90b2c776f5_b.jpg)Concept culture exhibition site space used more surface penetrating structure design increased Visual of depth and the width, reproduction Super reality \"stolen dream space\" like vertical and longitudinal stretch type multilayer times cascade layout, will smart song arc and Hale line article in disorder in the free extended is strange harmony, variability design no a not mapping in now normal of of ecological mode among you I are can as UHOT as has more with depth and width of select.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1592/24375000174_10374f680b_b.jpg)ISO dimensional auto-focus on the white clothes, a 16-bit \"Utopia\" leading interpretation of UHOT[your][Geahchan] [is] [fashion] four autumn/winter series. Personality shaped model to break the routine of \"black face\" appearance. Black, color world pride dominated, implying the promise may be inclusive and varied, with the most extreme charm of pure fashion UHOT fashion.![Alt 2015 UHOT temptation F/W [line. fully furnished apartments] concept of culture exhibition](https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1660/24637990179_3febd8799f.jpg)\"Dressing to please yourself charming\" celebrity-focused concept culture show a add splendor, Wang Tiankai China Textile Association President and Chairman of the Shenzhen Association of clothing Shen Yongfang, a number of VIP guests visit UHOT culture exhibition and conducted in-depth exchanges. Miss UHOT creative director Yang Juan received interviews from several mainstream media such as CCTV, share UHOT unique ideas and concepts. [Character set my face fabric living room 5](http://www.jigcase.com/2016/01/30/character-set-my-face-fabric-living-room-5/) [Character set my face fabric living room 5](http://www.jigcase.com/2016/01/30/character-set-my-face-fabric-living-room-5/)2015UHOT lure goods \"lines.\" concept culture show come to an end, but UHOT no limit\'s utopian fashion journey continues.Concept of cultural life match inspired utopia self level